To the attention of Den Norske Opera

Dear Madam, dear Sir,

In order to update, go to : www.operabase.com/c/787/en

click on Login (top right)
enter your codes
Username: oslodenor18
Password: kagera

and click on Edit season (menu left) and edit your productions.

As a theatre or festival whose season is listed on Operabase, you can:

update casts and performance dates of your opera titles
insert a new title or your new season
insert a link to the page of the performance run on the theatre website (url of the prod in theatres website)
insert a link to the booking online (url of the box office for this production)
update your contact and booking details (Settings in the menu left)
The updates you will do will appear immediately online !
Please read carefully the important information below. Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. Thank you for your help.

Muriel Denzler

---------------------

Very important - please read before you update or if you have questions

Please use the autocompletion for the title, the composer, the role names and artist names when possible (enter the first letters of the name, and then wait for the auto-completion to propose something, and click on the one that matches your search).

Don't add multiple composers. For concerts and recitals, add a comment if you want to indicate the composers, the pianist, or any other comment.

Add only operas, operettes, zarzuelas, and music theatre, concerts and recitals with opera voice soloists, ballet with opera soloists but NO ballet, theatre, symphonic concerts, instrumental concerts and instrumental recitals.

If the same production is given in two different seasons, you need to add it for each season (DON'T just add all the dates for both seasons).

It is compulsory to use either Mozilla, Google Chrome or Safari for these applications - ant NOT Internet Explorer

--

Even more artist information at the fingertips of the casting directors

contact@operabase.info
T: +41 32 846 26 12
M: +41 76 370 26 64
operabase.com

SAVE PAPER - THINK BEFORE YOU PRINT
